MASTERMIND is a game where the user has to guess a generated number.
THe number can be randomly computer generated or the user can enter a specific number.

RULES OF THE GAME:
1. The number to be guessed must have no more than 10 digits.
2. Each digit must be >= 9, and no digit can be repeated.

GAME PLAY:
1. If you would like to get a computer-generated number, enter the following:
        
        "mastermind -r <# of digits>"
        
        example:
        mastermind -r 4
        
        The example above generates a 4-digit number, (example: 1234, 2947, etc.)

2. If you would like to provide the number to be guessed yourself, enter the following:

        "mastermind -u <number>

        example:
        mastermind -u 54762309

3. For computer generated numbers, be sure to add a valid number of digits.
   For user generated numbers, make sure that the number entered is valid.

4. Once a valid commmand is entered, the game sttarts. You must immediately start guessing the secret number. 
   You have a maximum of 100 guesses.
   Make sure that the number you enter when guessing is the correct number of digits.

5. When you enter a guess, the computer will provide you with two numbers:
    The first number will be the amount of digits in the correct position
    The second number will be the amount of digits that are in the secret number but in the wrong position

    exmaple:
    (Secret number is 103487)
    User enters >>    105843
    Computer says >>  2 3
    
    Since 1 and 0 are in the right position, the first number says 2 
        (2 digits in the correct position)
   
    Since 8, 4, and 3 are in the secret number but in the wrong position, the second number is 3 
        (3 digits found in the secret number, but in the wrong position)

    6. Once you find the secret number, the computer will display the follwing:

        FOUND <# of iterations it took for you to find the number>

        example: if it takes you 5 rounds to find the number:
        FOUND 5

        If you cannot find the number after the 100th iteration, the game ends.
